This modified version of CLASS contains the following main changes,
all of which apply to the calculation of the power spectrum of source
number counts in a large number of redshift bins:
 - MPI parallelized: each node takes care of computing the transfer
   functions for a set of redshift bins, and also of a set of
   cross-correlations C_l(i,j). The code still retains its original
   OpenMP parallelism, so it can benefit from having multi-core nodes.
 - Implemented the effects of primordial non-Gaussianity on number
   counts.
 - Parametrized GR effects using a parameter epsilon_GR multiplying
   all GR corrections.
 - Parametrized WL effects using a parameter epsilon_WL multiplying
   all WL corrections.
 - The power spectrum of the 10 different contributions to the
   number counts can be now computed separately.
 - Implemented an I/O system better suited for a large number
   of redshift bins. This includes reading the bin redshifts and
   widths from a file and writing each cross-power spectrum in a
   separate file.
 - Implemented z-dependent bias, magnification bias and evolution
   bias parameters.
 - Implemented window function convolved with photo-z pdf (only gaussian
   photo-z supported).

At the user end these modifications translate into some changes in the
compilation and input parameters. The changes to the Makefile are
described below, and the changes to the input parameters are documented
in the sample parameter file "param_explanatory.ini" in this directory
(the relevant variations can be found by searching for instances of
the string "NEW:" in this file).

Regarding changes to the Makefile:
 - The MPI parallelized version is compiled by setting the Makefile
   variable USE_MPI to "yes".
 - If the -D_DAM_DEBUG is added to CCFLAG, extra information regarding
   the MPI domain decomposition will be output (as well as the details
   of certain computations).
 - If the -D_DAM_OPTIMIZED_ORDERING flag is added to CCFLAG, the
   computation of the power spectra C_l(zi,zj) is distributed across
   nodes in a less obvious way with the aim of attaining a more optimal
   load balance. It is recommended to use this flag.
